(Familiar outfits!!)
Yves: Red and Green. The essentials of Christmas!
JinSoul: How do you feel?
ViVi: My outfits looks like...
ViVi: A Christmas grandfather's, right?
JinSoul: It's very pretty!
(Anyway, MV for The Carol 2.0 was shot at the same time with Chuu's photo shooting.)
Yves: What? Grandfather's?
ViVi: Because it's all red. That's why...
JinSoul: You know, actually I came here as just a gift...
JinSoul: Gifts can't be excluded from Christmas~
Choerry: Absoultely yes!
('Is it you ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh baby~')
(Suddenly The Carol 2.0 is playing!)
Choerry: Such a good timing!
(The MV shoot has started!)
JinSoul: Time to lip sync...
JinSoul: There are hidden assistants!
JinSoul: Let me introduce ViVi's role!
ViVi: 'Christmas melodies heard around~'
JinSoul: She is telling Choerry a part and lyrics!
ViVi: 'I get reminded when I’m with you'
(It's really helpful to her!)
(Choerry who helps Yves!)
Choerry: 'And the white snow I’ve been waiting'
(Choerry who helps ViVi, too!)
Choerry: It feels like I’m reliving it
Choerry: The MV shoting has ended successfully!